one the last great vision that the
Universe gave me in one of my sessions
it took me deep into deep time it took
me deep into the
future and it gave me my last experience
of the future human it was as if it took
me into the future and allowed me to try
on for
size the fundamental blueprint of the
human psyche at that point in the future
this was the most extraordinary being
just I Can't Describe to you quickly
what an extraordinary being this being
is
just picture the highest finest
qualities we've imagined picture the
highest spiritual capacities we can
imagine a mind completely open to the
universe a heart completely open to each
other a a just extraordinarily
magnificent
being that's what's at stake here that's
what we are trying to become